feat(op): comprehensive metrics documentation (#37924)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/sources/cloudflare_logpush.md

After your Logpush job has been successfully created, you can view your Cloudflare Logpush logs in Datadog [Log Explorer][6].

## Metrics

> The Cloudflare Logpush source uses the HTTP server source. For the [component metrics](/observability_pipelines/monitoring/metrics/#component-metrics) and [source buffer metrics](/observability_pipelines/monitoring/metrics/#source-buffer-metrics) emitted by all sources, see the Observability Pipelines Metrics documentation. This source emits metrics with the `component_type` tag set to `http_server`.

Reviewer: Since there isn't technically a Cloudflare Logpush source, I'd reword to:

```suggestion
For the [component metrics](/observability_pipelines/monitoring/metrics/#component-metrics) and [source buffer metrics](/observability_pipelines/monitoring/metrics/#source-buffer-metrics) emitted by all sources, see the Observability Pipelines Metrics documentation. Since you use the HTTP server source to send Cloudflare Logpush logs to Observability pipelines, add the `component_type:http_server` tag to see the relevant metrics.
```
